hi this is Trail hell we're gonna
comment on one of my videos the other
day asking me a question about how I put
ridgelines and one of my pots and did it
myself
the answer is I viewed a video on
YouTube long time ago the guys name was
man Gus and had some numbers after it
I'll try and stick it in here anyway he
had used some ballpoint hammers and such
to try and do the same thing and I
believe he was successful however I
couldn't replicate it until I created
these two objects these are just two
large dowel rods but some small ones
going through it and I rounded the tips
off this one's a lot more round this one
has a bit more of a point typically I
would try and get it started with this
one and then switch over in the process
of making mine I did ruin about three of
them some of them I made it all the way
up to the last ridge that I was creating
and punched this right through punched
this thing right through the can by
pushing too hard
what I do is basically it just fits
right in there
not a lot of space so that I don't have
to pry much pressure but I pull back on
it slightly which pushes it into the
other wall and then I just roll it
against my hand over and over again now
I make the passes go the whole way
around I'm just doing this for
demonstration purposes I'm not trying to
make another canned right now I just
want to try and get one ridge pushed out
here a little bit so you guys can see
don't know if you can see that hopefully
you can start at the ridge there now if
I take that the whole way around several
times up and down the can I'll have some
ridges that's the inside now I did have
some problems with it scratching up the
inside of the cans after a while with
too much pressure so what it ended up
doing was just wrapping a piece of felt
the whole way around and holding it in
my hand which made a real nice slick
surface which didn't damage the inside
of the can that I have it all I do
eventually plan on making some more just
not right now thanks for watching
you